README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<img height="150px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cognetwork-dev/Metallic/main/src/assets/logo.svg">
<h1>Metallic</h1>
<h3>A powerful web proxy built for speed and customization.</h3>
<p>Access the web with this stylish web proxy made in Preact supporting many sites. Metallic was originally created for <a href="https://github.com/titaniumnetwork-dev">TN</a>'s proxathon where it won 2nd place!</p>
</div>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://glitch.com/edit/#!/import/github/cognetwork-dev/Metallic"><img height="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FogNetwork/Tsunami/main/deploy/glitch2.svg"><img></a>
<a href="https://railway.app/new/template?template=https://github.com/cognetwork-dev/Metallic"><img height="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FogNetwork/Tsunami/main/deploy/railway2.svg"><img></a>
<a href="https://app.koyeb.com/deploy?type=git&repository=github.com/cognetwork-dev/Metallic&branch=main&name=Metallic"><img height="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FogNetwork/Tsunami/main/deploy/koyeb2.svg"><img></a>
</p>

## Features
- Modern and clean design
- Support for many popular sites
- Customizable interface
- Mobile support
- Expansive library of themes

## Setup

> [!TIP]
> Run `npm install` to install the required dependencies.

**Run**

Run `npm start` to start the server. If no build folder if found, Metallic will attempt to build.

**Build**

Run `npm run build` to build app for production into the `build` folder.

**Development**

Run `npm run dev` to run the app in development mode. Rammerhead will not work in this mode.

## Configuration

**Themes**

Themes can be configured from the [/src/themes.json](https://github.com/cognetwork-dev/Metallic/blob/main/src/themes.json) file. The file should be an array of objects using the format below.

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> Themes file will be validated before building, starting the server, or the dev server.

```yaml
{
    "name": "string", # Display name of theme
    "id": "string", # Unique ID of theme
    "theme": {
        "background": "string", # Background color of site
        "secondary": "string", # Buttons and inputs
        "primary": "string", # Icons amd logo
        "text": "string", # Text color
        "textInverse": "string", # Text color for buttons and inputs
        "font": "string" # Font for website (default is "Roboto")
    },
    "custom": { # Optional
        "selector": { # CSS selector (".nav" for example)
            "key": "string" # CSS key and value ("background": "red" for example)
        }
    }
}
```

## Issues
Using older versions of Node.js will cause Metallic to crash. Upgrade to the latest version using `nvm install --lts`.

## Changelog/Roadmap
Check out the [changelog and roadmap](https://github.com/cognetwork-dev/Metallic/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md)

## License
Metallic uses the MIT license.

Commit message:

Add games page and a TON of images

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<img height="150px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cognetwork-dev/Metallic/main/src/assets/logo.svg">
<h1>Metallic</h1>
<h3>A powerful web proxy built for speed and customization.</h3>
<p>Access the web with this stylish web proxy made in Preact supporting many sites. Metallic was originally created for <a href="https://github.com/titaniumnetwork-dev">TN</a>'s proxathon where it won 2nd place!</p>
</div>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://glitch.com/edit/#!/import/github/cognetwork-dev/Metallic"><img height="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FogNetwork/Tsunami/main/deploy/glitch2.svg"><img></a>
<a href="https://railway.app/new/template?template=https://github.com/cognetwork-dev/Metallic"><img height="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FogNetwork/Tsunami/main/deploy/railway2.svg"><img></a>
<a href="https://app.koyeb.com/deploy?type=git&repository=github.com/cognetwork-dev/Metallic&branch=main&name=Metallic"><img height="30px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FogNetwork/Tsunami/main/deploy/koyeb2.svg"><img></a>
</p>

## Features
- Modern and clean design
- Support for many popular sites
- Customizable interface
- Mobile support
- Expansive library of themes
- Large selection of games thanks to [Radon Games!](https://github.com/Radon-Games/Radon-Games/)

## Setup

> [!TIP]
> Run `npm install` to install the required dependencies.

**Run**

Run `npm start` to start the server. If no build folder if found, Metallic will attempt to build.

**Build**

Run `npm run build` to build app for production into the `build` folder.

**Development**

Run `npm run dev` to run the app in development mode. Rammerhead will not work in this mode.

## Configuration

**Themes**

Themes can be configured from the [/src/themes.json](https://github.com/cognetwork-dev/Metallic/blob/main/src/themes.json) file. The file should be an array of objects using the format below.

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> Themes file will be validated before building, starting the server, or the dev server.

```yaml
{
    "name": "string", # Display name of theme
    "id": "string", # Unique ID of theme
    "theme": {
        "background": "string", # Background color of site
        "secondary": "string", # Buttons and inputs
        "primary": "string", # Icons amd logo
        "text": "string", # Text color
        "textInverse": "string", # Text color for buttons and inputs
        "font": "string" # Font for website (default is "Roboto")
    },
    "custom": { # Optional
        "selector": { # CSS selector (".nav" for example)
            "key": "string" # CSS key and value ("background": "red" for example)
        }
    }
}
```

## Issues
Using older versions of Node.js will cause Metallic to crash. Upgrade to the latest version using `nvm install --lts`.

## Changelog/Roadmap
Check out the [changelog and roadmap](https://github.com/cognetwork-dev/Metallic/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md)

## License
Metallic uses the MIT license.
